README.md, before:

# melbourne.drupal.org.au

This is the codebase for the Drupal Melbourne community website.


---


## Table of Contents

* [Local development](#local-development)
  * [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Install](#install)
  * [Services](#services)
* [Makefile commands](#makefile-commands)
* [Help](#help)
  * [Bad Gateway](#bad-gateway)


---


## Local development

### Requirements

- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)


### 1. Install:

Run the appropriate command based on your operating system and/or shell:

* macOS, *nix:

  > `make install`


### 2. Services:

- Frontend / Nuxt.js: http://drupalmel.localhost
- Backend / ContentaCMS: http://cms.drupalmel.localhost
- MailHog: http://mailhog.drupalmel.localhost


---


## Makefile commands

A Makefile is provided to control your development environment and process.

*Important:* This is only currently for use with macOS and *nix systems.


- **build:**

  Ensures that the Docker containers are running, and executes `composer install` inside the PHP container.


- **clean:**

  Executes the following commands:
  - clean-docker
  - clean-backend
  - clean-frontend


- **clean-backend:**

  Removes backend build files.


- **clean-docker:**

  Stops and removes Docker containers.


- **clean-frontend:**

  Removes frontend build files.


- **down:**

  Stops Docker containers.


- **drush:**

  Runs Drush (DRUpal SHell) commands inside the PHP container.

  *Important:* All Drush commands executed this way should be formatted as follows.

  > `make drush -- ARGS`

  Example:

  > `make drush -- en devel_generate -y`


- **init-env:**

  Initializes the projects `.env` file, if it doesn't exist alread, by copying `.env-example`.


- **install:**

  Initializes `.env`, starts docker containers, builds dependencies and installs Drupal.


- **logs:**

  Displays and follows the Docker Compose container logs.

  _This command accepts arguments._

  > `make logs ARGS`

  Example:

  > `make logs php`


- **up:**

  Starts the Docker containers.


---


## Help

* ### Bad Gateway

  > I'm seeing `Bad Gateway` while trying to access the frontend.

  This issue is likely due to the Nuxt.JS server not being ready yet.

  The Node container does the following when it launches: Installs NPM dependencies, Rebuilds Node SASS and then runs Nuxt.JS in development mode.

  To confirm the container is ready, you can watch the container logs with the following command:

  > ```make logs node```

Commit message:

Added API_TIMEOUT to .env.

README.md, after:

# melbourne.drupal.org.au

This is the codebase for the Drupal Melbourne community website.


---


## Table of Contents

* [Local development](#local-development)
  * [Requirements](#requirements)
  * [Install](#install)
  * [Services](#services)
* [Makefile commands](#makefile-commands)
* [Help](#help)
  * [Bad Gateway](#bad-gateway)
  * [API Timeout](#api-timeout)


---


## Local development

### Requirements

- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)


### 1. Install:

Run the appropriate command based on your operating system and/or shell:

* macOS, *nix:

  > `make install`


### 2. Services:

- Frontend / Nuxt.js: http://drupalmel.localhost
- Backend / ContentaCMS: http://cms.drupalmel.localhost
- MailHog: http://mailhog.drupalmel.localhost


---


## Makefile commands

A Makefile is provided to control your development environment and process.

*Important:* This is only currently for use with macOS and *nix systems.


- **build:**

  Ensures that the Docker containers are running, and executes
  `composer install` inside the PHP container.


- **clean:**

  Executes the following commands:
  - clean-docker
  - clean-backend
  - clean-frontend


- **clean-backend:**

  Removes backend build files.


- **clean-docker:**

  Stops and removes Docker containers.


- **clean-frontend:**

  Removes frontend build files.


- **down:**

  Stops Docker containers.


- **drush:**

  Runs Drush (DRUpal SHell) commands inside the PHP container.

  *Important:* All Drush commands executed this way should be formatted as
  follows.

  > `make drush -- ARGS`

  Example:

  > `make drush -- en devel_generate -y`


- **init-env:**

  Initializes the projects `.env` file, if it doesn't exist alread, by copying
  `.env-example`.


- **install:**

  Initializes `.env`, starts docker containers, builds dependencies and installs
  Drupal.


- **logs:**

  Displays and follows the Docker Compose container logs.

  _This command accepts arguments._

  > `make logs ARGS`

  Example:

  > `make logs php`


- **up:**

  Starts the Docker containers.


---


## Help

* ### Bad Gateway

  > I'm seeing `Bad Gateway` while trying to access the frontend.

  This issue is likely due to the Nuxt.JS server not being ready yet.

  The Node container does the following when it launches: Installs NPM
  dependencies, Rebuilds Node SASS and then runs Nuxt.JS in development mode.

  To confirm the container is ready, you can watch the container logs with the
  following command:

  > ```make logs node```


* ### API Timeout

  > The API requests are all timing out.

  In the case that your development environment is running slowly you may be
  required to increase the timeout limit.

  To do so, open your projects `.env` file and increase the `API_TIMEOUT` value.
